MTM-45799 add generic information about inventory roles improvements … (#636)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-permissions.md

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

> ### Performance improvements

Reviewer: @jkot-softwareag I don´t think that is makes sense to add this section to the documentation. Stating performance improvements in the release notes is the right place. It is of no value for users here.

Reviewer: Or we should describe this as a new feature which allows to activate options on tenant level which improve the performance. But shouldn´t this then go into the operations documentation?

Reviewer: Could be something like:

### Optimizing the performance

You can optimize the performance for tenants with large inventory hierarchies by activating the respective tenant option (name of option, link to operations documentation?) which is disabled by default. 

The following UI pages will show an improved performance:
* In the [device details view](/users-guide/device-management/#device-details), the tabs **Info**, **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events**.
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example, [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.
* Pages with aggregated events from multiple devices, if the number of events is low, for example, [Device Management > Overviews > Events](/users-guide/device-management/#to-view-events).

A link to the release notes is not required here. Also, versions do not need to be added, as this description only shows up in the relevant versions.

> ### Performance improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improving the performance
```

> Starting with version 10.13 of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, several improvements have been implemented for users with inventory roles access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can optimize the UI performance for users with inventory roles access and particularly speed up requests for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.  

This performance feature can be enabled:

-  on platform level via the configuration file (see the *{{< product-c8y-iot >}} - Operations guide* for details).

- on tenant level via a tenant option. The tenant option has 2 possible values: LEGACY/OPTIMIZED, where LEGACY is the global default.

The option looks like the following in the REST API:

{ "category": "configuration", "key": "acl.algorithm-version", "value": "OPTIMIZED"}
```

> In earlier versions responses were slow for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The following UI pages have an improved performance after updating to version {{< c8y-current-version >}}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance of the following UI pages can be improved by this option:
```

* In the [device details view](/users-guide/device-management/#device-details), the tabs **Info**, **Measurements**, **Alarms**, **Events** and **Control**.
* Pages with aggregated alarm views from multiple devices, if the number of alarms in the system is low, for example, [Cockpit > Home dashboard](/users-guide/cockpit/#home-dashboard), Cockpit > Alarms and Device Management > Home.
* Pages with aggregated events and operations from multiple devices, for example, Device Management > Overviews > Events 

> New approach is disabled by default and needs to be switched on the tenant level using tenant option (see the Release notes for details).

Author: or maybe I should change last part to something which I found in this repo:
```(see the [Release notes](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/releasenotes/release-{{< c8y-current-version-hyphen >}}/overview-{{< c8y-current-version-hyphen >}}) for details)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The improvements are disabled by default in version {{< c8y-current-version >}}. Activate them on tenant level by using the tenant option. See the relevant [release notes entry](https://cumulocity.com/releasenotes/release-10-13-0/whatsnew-10-13-0/#inventory-roles-performance-improvement) for details.
```

> The improvements are disabled by default in version {{< c8y-current-version >}}. Activate them on tenant level by using the tenant option. See the relevant [release notes entry](https://cumulocity.com/releasenotes/release-10-13-0/whatsnew-10-13-0/#inventory-roles-performance-improvement) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this option is disabled. 
```

To help troubleshooting permissions, click the **User** button at the right of the top bar. From the context menu, select **Access denied requests**. In the resulting window details on the denied accesses are provided. An administrator user or the [product support](/welcome/contacting-support/) can help in fixing the permissions.

### Improving the performance

As an administrator, you can optimize the UI performance for users with inventory roles access and particularly speed up requests for tenants with large inventory hierarchies.

This performance feature can be enabled:

> - on platform level via the configuration file (see the *{{< product-c8y-iot >}} - Operations guide* for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- on platform level via the configuration file (only available for platform administrators, see the *{{< product-c8y-iot >}} - Operations guide* for details).
```

- on tenant level via a tenant option. The tenant option has 2 possible values: LEGACY/OPTIMIZED, where LEGACY is the global default.
  

> The option looks like the following in the REST API: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option looks like the following in the REST API (see also the [{{< openapi >}}](https://cumulocity.com/api/10.13.0/#operation/postOptionCollectionResource): 
```

`{"category": "configuration", "key": "acl.algorithm-version", "value": "OPTIMIZED"}`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The setting on tenant level has priority over the setting on platform level.
```

> The performance of the following UI pages can be improved by this option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance of the following UI pages will be improved when this option is enabled:
```
